gh-105499: Merge typing.Union and types.UnionType (#105511)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

      Unions can now be written as ``X | Y``. See
      :ref:`union type expressions<types-union>`.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.13

>       :data:`Union` and :class:`types.UnionType` are now aliases, and both

Reviewer: The current wording leaves me thinking "aliases to what?"
```suggestion
      :class:`types.UnionType` is now an alias for :data:`Union`, and both
```
